Josiah was 8 years old when he became
Josiah was 8 years old when he became King and he reigned 31 years in
King and he reigned 31 years in
King and he reigned 31 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was Jude Ida
Jerusalem his mother's name was Jude Ida
Jerusalem his mother's name was Jude Ida the daughter of a Dyer of buzz cath and
the daughter of a Dyer of buzz cath and
the daughter of a Dyer of buzz cath and he did what was right in the sight of
he did what was right in the sight of
he did what was right in the sight of the Lord and walked in all the ways of
the Lord and walked in all the ways of
the Lord and walked in all the ways of his father David he did not turn aside
his father David he did not turn aside
his father David he did not turn aside to the right hand or to the left now it
to the right hand or to the left now it
to the right hand or to the left now it came to pass in the 18th year of King
came to pass in the 18th year of King
came to pass in the 18th year of King Josiah that the king sent Chafin the
Josiah that the king sent Chafin the
Josiah that the king sent Chafin the scribe the son of as a liar the son of
scribe the son of as a liar the son of
scribe the son of as a liar the son of Magellan to the house of the Lord
Magellan to the house of the Lord
Magellan to the house of the Lord go up to Hill Kyah the high priest that
go up to Hill Kyah the high priest that
go up to Hill Kyah the high priest that he may count the money which has been
he may count the money which has been
he may count the money which has been brought into the house of the Lord which
brought into the house of the Lord which
brought into the house of the Lord which the doorkeepers have gathered from the
the doorkeepers have gathered from the
the doorkeepers have gathered from the people and let them deliver it into the
people and let them deliver it into the
people and let them deliver it into the hand of those doing the work who are the
hand of those doing the work who are the
hand of those doing the work who are the overseers in the house of the Lord let
overseers in the house of the Lord let
overseers in the house of the Lord let them give it to those who are in the
them give it to those who are in the
them give it to those who are in the house of the Lord doing the work to
house of the Lord doing the work to
house of the Lord doing the work to repair the damages of the house to
repair the damages of the house to
repair the damages of the house to carpenters and builders and masons and
carpenters and builders and masons and
carpenters and builders and masons and to buy timber and hewn stone to repair
to buy timber and hewn stone to repair
to buy timber and hewn stone to repair the house
the house
the house however there need be no accounting made
however there need be no accounting made
however there need be no accounting made with them of the money delivered into
with them of the money delivered into
with them of the money delivered into their hand because they deal faithfully
their hand because they deal faithfully
their hand because they deal faithfully then Hill kaya the high priest said to
then Hill kaya the high priest said to
then Hill kaya the high priest said to Chafin the scribe I have found the book
Chafin the scribe I have found the book
Chafin the scribe I have found the book of the law in the house of the Lord and
of the law in the house of the Lord and
of the law in the house of the Lord and Hill kaya gave the book to Chafin and he
Hill kaya gave the book to Chafin and he
Hill kaya gave the book to Chafin and he read it so Chafin the scribe went to the
read it so Chafin the scribe went to the
read it so Chafin the scribe went to the king bringing the king word your
king bringing the king word your
king bringing the king word your servants have gathered the money that
servants have gathered the money that
servants have gathered the money that was found in the house and have
was found in the house and have
was found in the house and have delivered it into the hand of those who
delivered it into the hand of those who
delivered it into the hand of those who do the work who oversee the house of the
do the work who oversee the house of the
do the work who oversee the house of the Lord then Chafin described showed the
Lord then Chafin described showed the
Lord then Chafin described showed the King bill kaya
King bill kaya
King bill kaya the priest has given me a book and
the priest has given me a book and
the priest has given me a book and Chafin read it before the king now it
Chafin read it before the king now it
Chafin read it before the king now it happened when the King heard the words
happened when the King heard the words
happened when the King heard the words of the book of the law that he tore his
of the book of the law that he tore his
of the book of the law that he tore his clothes then the king commanded he'll
clothes then the king commanded he'll
clothes then the king commanded he'll kya the priest a Hyken the son of
kya the priest a Hyken the son of
kya the priest a Hyken the son of shaphan aqua the son of makea Chafin the
shaphan aqua the son of makea Chafin the
shaphan aqua the son of makea Chafin the scribe and isaiah a servant of the king
scribe and isaiah a servant of the king
scribe and isaiah a servant of the king go inquire of the Lord for me for the
go inquire of the Lord for me for the
go inquire of the Lord for me for the people and for all Judah concerning the
people and for all Judah concerning the
people and for all Judah concerning the words of this book that has been found
words of this book that has been found
words of this book that has been found for great is the wrath of the Lord that
for great is the wrath of the Lord that
for great is the wrath of the Lord that has aroused against us because our
has aroused against us because our
has aroused against us because our fathers have not obeyed the words of
fathers have not obeyed the words of
fathers have not obeyed the words of this book to do according to all that is
this book to do according to all that is
this book to do according to all that is written concerning us so he'll kyer the
written concerning us so he'll kyer the
written concerning us so he'll kyer the priest a hikin packbow Chafin and Isaiah
priest a hikin packbow Chafin and Isaiah
priest a hikin packbow Chafin and Isaiah went to Huldah the prophetess the wife
went to Huldah the prophetess the wife
went to Huldah the prophetess the wife of shallow the son of tikva the son of
of shallow the son of tikva the son of
of shallow the son of tikva the son of haha' keeper of the water she dwelt in
haha' keeper of the water she dwelt in
haha' keeper of the water she dwelt in Jerusalem in the second quarter and they
Jerusalem in the second quarter and they
Jerusalem in the second quarter and they spoke with her and she said to them thus
spoke with her and she said to them thus
spoke with her and she said to them thus says the Lord God of Israel tell the man
says the Lord God of Israel tell the man
says the Lord God of Israel tell the man who sent you to me thus says the Lord
who sent you to me thus says the Lord
who sent you to me thus says the Lord behold I will bring calamity on this
behold I will bring calamity on this
behold I will bring calamity on this place and on its inhabitants all the
place and on its inhabitants all the
place and on its inhabitants all the words of the book which the king of
words of the book which the king of
words of the book which the king of Judah has read because they have
Judah has read because they have
Judah has read because they have forsaken me and burned incense to other
forsaken me and burned incense to other
forsaken me and burned incense to other gods that they might provoke me to anger
gods that they might provoke me to anger
gods that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands
with all the works of their hands
with all the works of their hands therefore my wrath shall be aroused
therefore my wrath shall be aroused
therefore my wrath shall be aroused against this place and shall not be
against this place and shall not be
against this place and shall not be quenched
quenched
quenched but as for the king of Judah who sent
but as for the king of Judah who sent
but as for the king of Judah who sent you to inquire of the Lord in this
you to inquire of the Lord in this
you to inquire of the Lord in this manner you shall speak to him thus says
manner you shall speak to him thus says
manner you shall speak to him thus says the Lord God of Israel concerning the
the Lord God of Israel concerning the
the Lord God of Israel concerning the words which you have heard because your
words which you have heard because your
words which you have heard because your heart was tender and you humbled
heart was tender and you humbled
heart was tender and you humbled yourself before the Lord when you heard
yourself before the Lord when you heard
yourself before the Lord when you heard what I spoke against this place and
what I spoke against this place and
what I spoke against this place and against its inhabitants that they would
against its inhabitants that they would
against its inhabitants that they would become a desolation and a curse and you
become a desolation and a curse and you
become a desolation and a curse and you tore your clothes and wept before me I
tore your clothes and wept before me I
tore your clothes and wept before me I also have heard you says the Lord surely
also have heard you says the Lord surely
also have heard you says the Lord surely therefore I will gather you to your
therefore I will gather you to your
therefore I will gather you to your father's and you shall be gathered to
father's and you shall be gathered to
father's and you shall be gathered to your grave in peace and your eyes shall
your grave in peace and your eyes shall
your grave in peace and your eyes shall not see all the calamity which I will